all i have for you is a word tell it
i've been working with the imex format
for years now and
it has this extraordinary strength and
power in terms of
how deeply it can take the audience into
the story the impact's camera will make
you commit
it keeps you engaged keeps everybody
locked in and i love that
this is my third film with chris nolan
every production has
more and more sequences in it that we
chose to shoot on imax
we used more cameras and shot more film
than i think any project's ever shot
hoyter and his team were able to get the
camera absolutely everywhere that i
could conceive of
we had such fun with them we were just
using them as if they were any old
camera
they're like kids they're like we're
just oh well actually we can set up here
we can
they just they get excited about what
they can create what we can find
i think we did a lot of things that you
haven't really seen
done before we wanted to not only shoot
imex
we wanted the imax cameras to run
backwards time travel
no inversion
whoa chris is really great in that he
wants it for real he wants it in camera
he doesn't want to do cg i think the
audience is always
aware on some level of the difference
between things that are animated and
something that's been photographed
i'm hoping to give them a reason for
reapproaching
action cinema people always talk about
imex oh it's big
for me it's also something else it's
something very visceral
to really feel it on a gut sense
you need that large format you want to
crash a plane
you're not from the air no it's so
dramatic it's a really extraordinary
format
and where people are able to experience
the film that way they're going to get
the highest
possible sense of immersion into the
world of tenants you know how big a
plane
that part is a little dramatic
[Music]
you